<div id="page0">
<h3><b>297 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>FirstPianist3312 &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>You should really put your phone down when you&apos;re out to eat with people. Maybe it&apos;s because I grew up with that rule but I know when I&apos;m getting lunch with a friend or something I find it incredibly irritating when they&apos;re on their phone</h3>
<h3>Edit: holy shit my first award??</h3>
<h3><b>11.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>CADE09 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>My dad does this all the time. Can be having a full conversation with him and he&apos;ll just pull his phone out and start completely ignoring you. Drives me insane!</h3>
<h3><b>2.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Squirrel_McNutz &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Yeah this one is rough. Funny enough I feel boomers do this as much as anyone. They&#x2019;ve gotten absorbed too</h3>
<h3><b>1.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>17 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>42 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>toomanynights18 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I had a friend group in college where we&apos;d all put our phones in the middle of the table and if someone grabbed theirs during dinner they had to pay.</h3>
<h3>Those were some of the best friends I ever had, I wish we weren&apos;t scattered thousands of miles away.</h3>
<h3><b>544 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>15 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>248 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>seaofflames &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Kids shouldn&apos;t touch any electronic devices until a certain age. I work in tech but if I ever have kids I will still enforce this rule. It makes me sad to see 1 year old babies glued to phones.</h3>
<h3><b>8.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>AfricanMoron &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Nah this is the best reply here&#x2026; I&#x2019;ve seen children in malls as young as 4yo kicking and screaming at their parents to buy them a phone&#x2026;</h3>
<h3><b>1.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>PM_MEYOUR_FAKE_TITS &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&#x2019;ve seen 4 year olds kicking and screaming about cotton candy. They kick and scream about everything lol</h3>
<h3><b>1.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>25 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>65 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>goldenphotog &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Totally agree&#x2014;one set of my cousins got phones in elementary school and haven&#x2019;t stayed off them since, and one of my other sets of cousins wasn&#x2019;t allowed to have them until high school. They&#x2019;re on them much less and have better social skills.</h3>
<h3><b>821 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>13 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Adventurous-One9830 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>i dont think kids having tech is the problem. the problem is when parents act like tech is just some &quot;get out of parenting&quot; card.</h3>
<h3>tech can be really fun and even helpful to use as a child so long as it&apos;s used wisely. i absolutely fucking hate it when i see parents just shove an ipad at their kid to shut them up.</h3>
<h3><b>705 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>113 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>299 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Dragoonscaper &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;ve got quite a few, but my biggest one is...</h3>
<h3>Products aren&apos;t made to last anymore. Planned obsolescence has to stop. (Here&apos;s where I differ from Boomers) &gt; Not only is it bad for the environment, it&apos;s shitty justification for making terrible products.</h3>
<h3><b>7.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Panda-delivery &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I am constantly complaining about planned obsolescence. It&apos;s even happening to medical equipment, it&apos;s getting out of control.</h3>
<h3><b>1.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>The_Undercover_Cake &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;m not a doctor but that sounds dangerous as shit.</h3>
<h3><b>865 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Hellrazed &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;m a nurse and it IS dangerous as shit. Most of our issues come from manufacturers discontinuing essential consumables when they make a new model, even though the old ones still work, or they will stop doing repairs and maintenance because oh look at that we have a new model...</h3>
<h3>We just had our iMed pump manufacturer discontinue our particular IV line, and switch us to a cheaper shitter compatible line that sucks air in through the side ports, as well as discontinue the y- connectors that go with it. They want us to get the shits with the older machines and upgrade to the new version to get usable lines again.</h3>
<h3>Another example is our thermometers. The probe covers for the older model were discontinued so we had to buy all new thermometers. The old ones still worked, just cannot be operated without the cover.</h3>
<h3><b>645 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>20 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>17 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>16 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>155 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>PizzaTammer &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>GIVE ME BACK MY HEADPHONE JACK</h3>
<h3><b>7.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>1creeperbomb &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>&quot;We changed to USB-C for higher quality audio&quot;</h3>
<h3>&quot;So you made the output frequency higher? Oh did you also make it send digital audio so it decodes in the dedicated DAC on the audio device?&quot;</h3>
<h3>&quot;Nah it still sends the exact same 44.1Khz analog output. But we added a useless bass booster and got a commission to add a Dolby surround effect&quot;</h3>
<h3><b>1.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>PizzaTammer &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>&#x201c;And now you can&#x2019;t charge and play music at the same time without a splitter. Wahoo!!!&#x201d;</h3>
<h3><b>1.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>13 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>28 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>125 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>hankbaumbach &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>A lot of products <i>were</i> made better in the past.</h3>
<h3>Pyrex is a prime example but there&apos;s thousands more.</h3>
<h3>Planned obsolescence as a consequence of prioritizing quarterly profits over customer satisfaction is another nail in the coffin of this current version of the economy we live in.</h3>
<h3><b>6.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>stealthkoopa &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Craftsman tools, used to be something you could hand down, it not the case any more</h3>
<h3><b>1.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>FormalMango &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>When I moved into my own home, my dad gave me a big stack of his old tools. It&#x2019;s always a huge nostalgia hit for me whenever I have to fix something, because I can remember handing him that exact same hammer, spanner, or screwdriver etc when I was a little kid.</h3>
<h3>But more than that - everything is at least 40 years old, and it all still works.</h3>
<h3><b>981 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>41 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>72 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>216 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Pouchkine2 &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Many things which basically all trace back to sundry &quot;get off your fucking phone&quot; situations</h3>
<h3><b>6.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>130 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Music_Girl2000 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Touchscreen cars are not a good idea</h3>
<h3><b>6.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Assdolf_Shitler &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I wish car companies would take a page out of the avionics design book. Put the essential and highly used functions on a physical button or slider with physical detents and secondary functions on a touch screen. Lights, wipers, climate controls, stereo controls, and gear selection needs buttons, knobs, and levers for &quot;eyes-free&quot; operation. All other settings and functions can go to the touch screen WITHOUT A WHITE OR BLUE BACKGROUND. Fucking sucks trying to fuck around with settings to change the background to black so the 32&quot; god damn TV in dash will stop blinding me at night.</h3>
<h3><b>1.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>40 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>88 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>guythatbedont &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I want a human customer service operator not an automated operator or chat bot.</h3>
<h3><b>4.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>82 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Illustrious_Wear_850 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Social media is poison</h3>
<h3>(He says on Reddit)</h3>
<h3><b>4.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>105 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>buckyhermit &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I like physically owning the movies you love.</h3>
<h3>I have friends who love the movie and watch it on Netflix whenever they can...... and then Netflix removes it. And if it&apos;s a rare find, then you might never see it again. Owning a physical copy means you get to keep it and cherish it forever.</h3>
<h3>And if you&apos;re on a plane, where the movie options can sometimes be garbage? A handheld BluRay player is your answer.</h3>
<h3>Also I love the artwork of BluRay covers. Another reason to have a physical copy.</h3>
<h3><b>4.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>276 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>SpartanR259 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>There is an old acronym K.I.S.S.</h3>
<h3>Keep It Simple Stupid.</h3>
<h3>Just because you can make something super flashy/complicated/intriguing or otherwise impressive, doesn&apos;t mean you should.</h3>
<h3>This goes from everything from cars to computer software to movies and film.</h3>
<h3>Trying too hard to make something impressive only leaves you with something that may look pretty but doesn&apos;t have proper support.</h3>
<h3><b>3.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>44 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>CapitanFlama &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Electronic devices should be repairable. All of them.</h3>
<h3>Tv&apos;s and smartphones should last for at least 10 years. How is that we are all <i>enviromental friendly </i>but we switch iPhones every 2 or 3 years?</h3>
<h3><b>3.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>89 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Flaky-Fellatio &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Millennial. I agree that sometimes at work you need to pick up the phone because it&apos;s easier than sending text message back and forth.</h3>
<h3><b>3.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>zawica &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&#x2019;m a millennial as well. I can&#x2019;t count the number of miscommunications I&#x2019;ve had with people because a conversation took place via text instead of via phone. Or how many conversations were drawn out for a half hour with useless back-and-forths, when it could have been a 2- minute phone call.</h3>
<h3>The biggest issue I&#x2019;ve had with this was with a boyfriend. We were together for years and lived together, and he thought talking on the phone was weird. I would call him for emergencies and he wouldn&#x2019;t pick up because ugh, phone calls are icky. He would literally forward my calls because talking on the phone, with me who he knew and lived with for years, was weird lol. I&#x2019;d get a flat tire and need him to pick me up, but of course he wouldn&#x2019;t answer even if I called 2-3 times. People who are allergic to phone calls irk me </h3>
<h3>&#x1f605;</h3>
<h3><b>777 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>48 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>105 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>TheSinfulBlacksheep &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>College should be something you can work a summer job to pay off a semester for, and the fact that it&apos;s not is nuts.</h3>
<h3>Edit: stop responding to this, please. I meant more the attitude the boomers have towards it, as many gloat that they were able to just work a summer job and pay off their tuitions and don&apos;t care to acknowledge how much that has changed. About 20 people now have chimed in with &quot;well ackshually......&quot; I get it.</h3>
<h3><b>3.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>113 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>hokumpocus &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Get off my lawn.</h3>
<h3><b>2.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>fir00ky &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Wait daddy, chill</h3>
<h3><b>932 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Mr_Satans &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>WhAt ThE HeLL is EvEN ThAT</h3>
<h3><b>851 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>2 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>21 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>40 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>MastermindJay &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xfffd;</h3>
<h3>Pattonesque &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Sometimes I do just wanna grill</h3>
<h3><b>2.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>85 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>iceman_x2 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>The sheer amount of younger people I&#x2019;ve seen with horrible people/social/conversational skills blows my mind, and I firmly believe it is greatly in part due to phones and social media.</h3>
<h3>Boomers always say shit like &#x201c;go play outside, interact with the world, spend less time on your phone&#x201d; etc etc and I wholehearted agree.</h3>
<h3><b>2.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Constant-Parsley3609 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>In many places (particularly America) &quot;outside&quot; isn&apos;t a place for kids anymore.</h3>
<h3>What parent is going to let their kid outside on their own and risk some busy body calling child protection services?</h3>
<h3>And even if you could freely let kids play outside without constant supervision, where do they go? We are increasingly building giant roads and plonking houses down miles and miles from anything that child might be interested in. Where do they go when the nearest park or field or forrest is miles away?</h3>
<h3>Add in the fact that kids will get told off loitering and it becomes ridiculous.</h3>
<h3>Parents aren&apos;t allowed to let kids out AND there&apos;s nowhere fun for kids to play AND they can&apos;t stay in one place for too long. Even if a kid manages to ignore or overcome all of those obstacles, who are they going out to see? All of the kids other friends are inside and probably not living within walking distance.</h3>
<h3><b>583 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>76 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>105 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>RagnarStonefist &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;d rather interact with a real person instead of dealing with automated phone voices or customer service bots on websites.</h3>
<h3><b>2.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>61 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Millad456 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Coca Cola tastes better out of glass bottles than plastic bottles</h3>
<h3><b>2.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>60 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Yoshi_isthebest &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Stop filming everything at concerts or shows or whatever. Enjoy it.</h3>
<h3><b>1.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>76 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Beneficial-Cow-2544 &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I absolutely hate speaking to machines which is why I hate having an &quot;Alexa&quot; in the home.</h3>
<h3>Also, having &quot;smart lights&quot;, in which we have to use an app to turn on and off lights in our home. A standard light switch would do.</h3>
<h3><b>1.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>155 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Stanley_Yelnats_III &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Tik Tok is a toxic app that is having a negative impact on gen z</h3>
<h3><b>1.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>104 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>SoulExecution &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Social media is pretty toxic. It&apos;s amazing how much better my mental health got after deleting Facebook. Although ironically, seems Boomers have made the switch to being all over FB, twitter, etc.</h3>
<h3>Also, as someone else posted you really don&apos;t need to publicly post every second of your life. I&apos;ve gotten to the point of mildly cringing on the occasions I pull out snapchat and see someone posting 15-20 photos of a single night.</h3>
<h3><b>1.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>38 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Unique_Football_8839 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Touchscreens in cars are a fundamentally bad idea &amp; physical buttons (or similar controls) need to be brought back.</h3>
<h3>Distracted driving is at an all-time high. Touchscreen controls literally require you to take your eyes off the road and can create a longer time of inattention due to their complexity.</h3>
<h3>I have an old-ass car with physical controls. I can do dang near anything (radio, climate control, etc.) without taking my eyes off the road and in much less time.</h3>
<h3><b>1.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>26 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Fit-Rest-973 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I prefer reading on paper, not on screen</h3>
<h3><b>1.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>53 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>crankyoldbrent &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Cooking on the grill and having a beer is better than going to that overpriced new restaurant.</h3>
<h3><b>1.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>62 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Obi-1_yaknowme &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Physical media: owning books, movies, and music, is far superior to a subscription service, or digital content.</h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>37 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>cmc &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Language has evolved really quickly and what&apos;s socially acceptable changes every year. I&apos;m with the boomers in that if we use language that is outdated, please assume ignorance not malice! I accidentally used a slur a few years ago that is common in my community (referring to eye shape) and had no idea it was a slur until someone told me...thankfully kindly and privately. I do wish the assumption was &quot;you probably didn&apos;t know this but...&quot; and not &quot;YOU ARE A BIGOT!&quot;</h3>
<h3><b>1.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>350 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>NeverEnoughSleep08 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Not everyone deserves a trophy. You SHOULD experience failure and disappointment in life. It&apos;s a teaching experience, stop getting so pissy when you don&apos;t automatically get your way.</h3>
<h3><b>1.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>63 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>phat-turnip &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>If you have shared walls or live in an apartment building, you need to respect quiet hours of 10pm - 8am.</h3>
<h3>I get so grumpy if my building neighbors are loud past 10pm.</h3>
<h3><b>968 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>44 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Comment deleted by user &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xfffd;</h3>
<h3>AstroAce96 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Things were made to last back in the day, and it was very easy to fix when broken. Cars, Appliances, etc. Nothing is made to last anymore, and it&#x2019;s very difficult to fix. Anything that needs an app to operate is probably garbage and won&#x2019;t last very long.</h3>
<h3><b>865 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>40 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Steamed_Hams89 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Soda tastes better when cane sugar is used. And if you really love a movie, TV Show, or album, go buy it on the physical format of your choice. Also, I really like the movie theater experience.</h3>
<h3>Really, outside of my politics, I&#x2019;m not really in tune with my generation. I could probably list a bunch of opinions of mine that are probably &#x201c;Boomer&#x201d;.</h3>
<h3><b>797 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>28 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Stabbymcbackstab &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Delayed gratification is an important survival skill. If you find it hard to sit quietly for a half hour with no distractions then there is something wrong with your mental state. You won&apos;t make it if your lifestyle changes even a little from its current state of decadence.</h3>
<h3><b>781 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>70 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>hippiechick725 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Googling recipes while cooking and having to read everyone&#x2019;s life story and family history to get to the ingredients drives me batshit insane.</h3>
<h3>I&#x2019;ve gone back to cookbooks.</h3>
<h3><b>765 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>33 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Jolttra &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Less an opinion but related. Stock lots of canned good. Works good in pinch and saved my butt when Covid first hit and it was impossible to get any food. I try to always keep at least a few days worth of food in canned good around, just incase.</h3>
<h3><b>690 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>30 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>DevilsGrip &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>When liquor, drugs, or tits are out, keep your phone in your pocket. I see too many people just randomly posting pictures of others in situations that should not be photographed.</h3>
<h3><b>646 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>15 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>10,460 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>6</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>mercurialpolyglot &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Screw fast fashion, my clothes should be made to last.</h3>
<h3>I&#x2019;m not rich so it&#x2019;s unavoidable, but I&#x2019;m willing to spend extra on clothes that aren&#x2019;t made of plastic and I do my best to repair my damaged clothing instead of throwing it out.</h3>
<h3><b>22.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Rainbow_mama &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>There&#x2019;s a documentary on the company shein. I&#x2019;m sorry I can&#x2019;t remember the name of it but it&#x2019;s about the working conditions of the people that make those clothes and it&#x2019;s horrific. Also the environmental impact from fast fashion is so much higher than anyone would think.</h3>
<h3><b>4.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>SandpitMetal &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>My wife and I were watching a Canadian TV show once where they go undercover to investigate different things (I forget the name, but they&apos;d look into anything sketchy) and had an episode about SheIn and other fast fashion companies like them. Not only are they horrible working conditions and awful for the environment, but many of their clothes also contain toxic chemicals and heavy metals (and not the good ones like Iron Maiden, either). Basically by wearing their clothing, you are poisoning yourself.</h3>
<h3><b>2.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>68 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>75 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Rightinthepiehole &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I want to buy a pairs of jeans that will last more than 2 years. Levi&apos;s have not been lasting more than a year for me lately.</h3>
<h3><b>699 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>123 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>235 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>rylhi552 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I don&#x2019;t really know if this is a boomer opinion per say but you don&#x2019;t need to document everything thing you do and post it to your social media. Sometimes it&#x2019;s better to just live in the moment and enjoy what&#x2019;s happening around you</h3>
<h3><b>22.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Mystic_Jewel &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I feel like we are in this weird timeframe where there&#x2019;s an older generation posting everything to facebook, middle generation not posting anything, and young generation posting everything (to TikTok?)</h3>
<h3><b>8.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>StinkyStangler &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>The middle generation really can go either way, half my friends (late twenties to mid thirties) post nothing, the other half is posting daily like Gen Z</h3>
<h3><b>3.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>irony_in_the_UK &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;m in the post nothing crowd. At a concert I might take 2 or 3 pictures max of the musician/band and the venue, but that&apos;s all.</h3>
<h3><b>573 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>50 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>193 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>112 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>mikehawk1988 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>It&apos;s not just that phones take you away from reality while documenting everything, it&apos;s that people often just document in a very &quot;fake&quot; manner and don&apos;t portray how reality really is. Faking their way through their social environment.</h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>26 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Br34th3r2 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Forgot to take a photo of my son&#x2019;s Halloween costume-we were doing the early 1990&#x2019;s thing and just going about our holiday enjoying ourselves cell phone free. I got both grandma&#x2019;s texting me hoping for a photo and two cousins that shared their </h3>
<h3>&#x1f341; &#x1f342; &#x2728;</h3>
<h3>Fall Photos!!</h3>
<h3>&#x2728; &#x1f342;</h3>
<h3>&#x1f341;</h3>
<h3> with us looking picture cute and social media ready.</h3>
<h3>One of those cousins hasn&#x2019;t spoken to me verbally in 10 years despite being in the same room as me multiple times. </h3>
<h3>&#x1f644;</h3>
<h3> A picture might say a thousand words but your behavior will say</h3>
<h3>millions more.</h3>
<h3><b>584 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>9 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>seaofflames &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>As someone who had a stalker, I second this. Never, ever live-post your brunch or whatever while you&apos;re still there. If you want to post, do it when you&apos;re already home. Nobody needs a picture of every meal of your day.</h3>
<h3>This behavior can be used against you by someone with bad intentions. I wasn&apos;t really into social media when I had a stalker. Now I only use social media as a direct messaging app.</h3>
<h3><b>527 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>27 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>316 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>ujythrsgfdd &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I prefer physical menus over QR codes.</h3>
<h3><b>20.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>TehBigD97 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I dont mind QR codes as long as it takes me to a website. Places that make you download their app to order? Fuck that.</h3>
<h3><b>4.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>secretredditagent &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Restaurant I went to had signs all over begging you to download their app. No Wi-Fi.</h3>
<h3><b>1.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>37 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Hrududu147 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>And create an account on the app just to order</h3>
<h3><b>549 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>22 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>53 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>WoolaTheCalot &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>A local place has QR-only menus. It directs you to his mobile-unfriendly website menu, which freezes your phone. Every single time. If you complain to the owner, he claims we&apos;re the only one that happens to, which is a lie because people complain about it in reviews.</h3>
<h3><b>2.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>floppydude81 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Last place had a pop up with a survey about the experience before I could even see the menu. With no visible &#x2018;x&#x2019; to skip past. I don&#x2019;t want to leave bad reviews, but this is how you get bad reviews</h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>GigsGilgamesh &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>1 star, I haven&#x2019;t even seen the menu because I was held hostage by this websites experience survey when attempting to order. Get enough people to post this and it should change quickly</h3>
<h3><b>669 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>8 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>8 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>KingPictoTheThird &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Just tell them you left your phone at home. Its what I do. Magically a physical menu appears.</h3>
<h3><b>541 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>18 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>20 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>piscian19 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I get it, restaurants are saving paper and labor every time they change their menu. I just wish they wouldn&apos;t look confused and disgusted when I ask for a menu.</h3>
<h3>&quot;Sir, the menu is on the tiny QR on that stand just outside your periphery that looks like an advertisement for a band playing tonight.&quot;</h3>
<h3>Oh Im sorry I thought I was going to eat tonight, not solve an escape room. MY APOLOGIES.</h3>
<h3><b>1.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>JiN88reddit &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>dO yOu GuYs NoT hAvE pHoNeS?</h3>
<h3><b>541 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>79 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>129 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>264 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Fiendsquatch &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Standard headlights on new automobiles are too bright. Literally being blinded by every other car DURING THE DAYTIME wondering if their brights are on</h3>
<h3><b>18.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>mountingconfusion &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 12 days ago</h3>
<h3>Fun fact: depending on where you live there are certain restrictions on headlights e.g. how bright/high they are. But no one enforces it</h3>
<h3><b>2.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>123 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Laney20 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I have light sensitivity issues and this is a serious problem for me. Driving at night is causes some pain if I&apos;m lucky, and a migraine if I&apos;m not.</h3>
<h3><b>1.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>71 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>sarahpphire &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I legit thought there was something wrong with me for thinking this. I really thought I was the only one. Thank you for confirming I&apos;m not lol I no longer feel crazy.</h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>31 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>259 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>talag1ga &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Things aren&#x2019;t made like they used to be. Everything you buy now is so cheaply manufactured. Even high end furniture uses cheap particle board and crappy joinery. We bought a pretty high end couch a few years back and it&#x2019;s barely holding together.</h3>
<h3>Edit: thanks everyone for commenting and thank you for the award! I&#x2019;ve been on Reddit since 2008 and have never had a comment get this much action</h3>
<h3><b>18.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Birdhawk &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I miss appliances you could fix just by hitting it a few times.</h3>
<h3><b>7.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>uncreativegarbage &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I too love percussive maintenance</h3>
<h3><b>7.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Ballistic_fish &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Kinetic calibration.</h3>
<h3><b>1.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>26 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>35 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>78 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>eggy_delight &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>high end furniture uses cheap particle board and crappy joinery.</h3>
<h3>I love this example</h3>
<h3>At work most of our clients are .1%, our last house had $400k worth of furniture. The table was 1 1/4 thick but all the boards were laminated 3/4 and 1/2 boards, not to mention it came pre warped.... guess the planeride overseas took its toll. The legs were this cylinder made of wood with gappy joints. When I knocked it was hollow, crazy to think this is a structural piece.</h3>
<h3>On my time off I make furniture that&apos;s more traditional. It&apos;s frustrating to know how much that table must&apos;ve cost but I&apos;ll die struggling to sell furniture that&apos;ll last longer than me</h3>
<h3><b>2.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Ving_Rhames_Bible &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I worked in a cabinetmaking shop for a bit as a general laborer, my first month or so was helping the actual experienced cabinetmakers put together a 1/4 million-dollar custom basement bar for a client. Tables, boothes, door casings, wainscotting, decorative columns, the bar itself, all absolutely gorgeous woodwork that looked like something out of a cathedral, way nicer than you&apos;d find in a generic pub. Even the plywood for the drop ceiling tiles was some fancy expensive type.</h3>
<h3>I always figured that&apos;s how the really rich people do things when it comes to home furnishings, all customized like that. Guess not.</h3>
<h3><b>1.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>53 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>70 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>353 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>PropellerHead15 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Certain things shouldn&apos;t require you to download an app and/or create a whole account, including:</h3>
<h3>Ordering food in a restaurant</h3>
<h3>Paying for parking</h3>
<h3>Buying something online</h3>
<h3>Sending a parcel</h3>
<h3><b>17.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>AkirIkasu &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>EV charging networks are extra infuriating. Not only do you need their app, but you can&#x2019;t just connect your credit card to the app and let it charge you the amount of money you should be charged. First you need to choose from subscription options which you should be declining because it&#x2019;s dramatically cheaper and more convenient to charge at home. Then when you choose the pay as you go option you and just link your credit card; instead it fills an account with money and will automatically fill that account with money when the account is running low. So you are spending extra money for no particular reason.</h3>
<h3><b>1.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>72 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>chickachickabowbow &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;ll throw in buying concert tickets (thanks TicketBastard!) especially since they got rid of tickets entirely and you get in by scanning a code on your phone. I have a huge collection of ticket stubs that all bring back various memories of concerts, but the most recent one I went to has absolutely nothing physical to remind me of the experience (the hell I&apos;m paying 50 bucks for a t-shirt or 200 for a poster).</h3>
<h3><b>820 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>13 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>182 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>wheresmychin &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>When you&#x2019;re in a public place you should respect others around you but not being disruptive with your behavior. For example, not playing music on your phone without headphones while on a bus, in a restaurant etc.</h3>
<h3><b>16.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>95_Random &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Or those MFers who walk around having loud ass phone conversations on speaker in stores.</h3>
<h3>Makes me want to slap that shit out of their hands.</h3>
<h3><b>4.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>superboringfellow &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I like to join in on their conversations. Grocery store lady: &quot;Oh girl, she&apos;s in the hospital now!&quot; Grocery store me: &quot;In the hospital? Noooooo!&quot;</h3>
<h3>true story, made the lady laugh, win</h3>
<h3><b>1.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>ZombieTrogdor &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>My mom did this when a guy on her bus had a conversation on speaker. She was so fed up she just decided to talk to them too! The guy was getting annoyed, but it was a morning commuter bus. It&#x2019;s 7 in the morning, and everyone on that bus is basically a zombie, they do not need to hear about your new riding lawn mower.</h3>
<h3><b>817 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>superboringfellow &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>&quot;If you don&apos;t like it then don&apos;t listen!&quot;</h3>
<h3>My earholes don&apos;t have eyelids you big dummy.</h3>
<h3><b>836 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>14 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>12 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>12 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>apatheticcanteloupe &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Back when I worked in retail, customers would ROUTINELY be having a phone conversation on speaker while I was using the bathroom. I never felt bad about the loud flushing toilet going off or the even louder hand dryers. It&#x2019;s super distasteful to me to be on the phone, on speaker, in the bathroom. Some of the conversations I heard were just</h3>
<h3>&#x1f633;</h3>
<h3><b>873 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>RichardBonham &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&#x2019;m a primary care doctor and I&#x2019;ve had people pick up a call in the middle of an appointment.</h3>
<h3>It used to grind my gears, but now I just get up, leave the room and go see the next patient.</h3>
<h3>I leave enough of a note so that when I come back about 20 minutes later I can just walk back in and pick up <i>exactly</i> where we left off. It&#x2019;s usually hilarious.</h3>
<h3><b>689 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>23 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>27 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>106 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>The-WildInfernos &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Wear headphones you disruptive fucks</h3>
<h3><b>2.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>28 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>228 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Kanedi4s &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>If you&#x2019;re walking on a crowded sidewalk, get off your fucking phone it&#x2019;s not the job of other pedestrians to avoid you while you make your vlog. Awareness of your surroundings is important.</h3>
<h3><b>15.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>ravenschneid &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Also respect the norms.</h3>
<h3>Seeing people filming their dance moves in a cemetery and in front of the Vietnam memorial wall. Holding up travelers&apos; spots because they have to shoot pics from 100s of angles.</h3>
<h3><b>3.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>thelorax18 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>As a young person, I agree with this 100%. To me, something like a war memorial is a place to act in a more serious and respectful way, basically like a cemetery. It represents a horrible event where many people died, so you should act accordingly.</h3>
<h3><b>853 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>22 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>35 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>ChanceZestyclose6386 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;ve seen people stand in the middle of a stairway, blocking people going up and down the stairs just to do something on their phone. The lack of awareness of people around them is horrible.</h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>50 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>5u55y8aka &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>You know what&apos;s funny, I had few experiences of people walking in groups or simply just one person walking right through the middle of the sidewalk and they would just stare me in the eye expecting me to get out of the way. I don&apos;t have where to fucking go, you fucking assholes, to the right cars going over the speed limit, on the left a wall.</h3>
<h3><b>783 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>SneakyPrius &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I know this is a kind of weird thing for me to do but at some point I just stopped trying to yield to people who completely disregard sidewalk etiquette and plow right through them instead. If you&#x2019;re walking four abreast across a sidewalk like you described, the two on the right are getting shoulder checked.</h3>
<h3><b>709 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>47 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>13 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>115 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>iamapizza &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I work with software/security and the more I learn in this field, the more it makes me allergic to &quot;smart&quot; home devices. I&apos;m convinced they are for people who don&apos;t know how they work, which is what they are banking on. And these devices are most certainly not smart.</h3>
<h3>Along the same line for home appliances... if it needs an app to operate, it&apos;s a shitty device and you&apos;re making a mistake.</h3>
<h3><b>15.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>stealthkoopa &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Hey wiretap, what&apos;s a good recipe for pancakes?</h3>
<h3><b>5.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>scorpiogre &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>This is awesome I laughed, so did my wife and our refrigerator!!</h3>
<h3><b>4.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>TheSinfulBlacksheep &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>NSA agent Jon approves of this wholesome eavesdropping family experience</h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>16 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>29 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Khutuck &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3><b>Boomer joke for the boomer thread</b>:</h3>
<h3>Three friends are in a hotel room in Soviet Russia.</h3>
<h3>The first two men open a bottle of vodka, while the third is tired and goes straight to bed. He is unable to sleep however, as his increasingly drunk friends tell political jokes loudly.</h3>
<h3>After a while, the tired man gets frustrated and walks downstairs for a smoke. He stops in the lounge and asks the receptionist to bring tea to their room in five minutes.</h3>
<h3>The man walks back into the room, joins the table, leans towards a power outlet and speaks into it:</h3>
<h3>&quot;<i>Comrade major, we want some tea to room 62 please</i>.&quot;</h3>
<h3>His friends laugh on the joke, until there is a knock on the door. The receptionist brings a tea pot. His friends fall silent and pale, horrified of what they just witnessed. The party is dead, and the man goes to sleep.</h3>
<h3>After a good night&apos;s rest, the man wakes up, and notices his friends are gone. Surprised, he walks downstairs and asks the receptionist where they went.</h3>
<h3>The nervous receptionist whispers that KGB came and took them before dawn.</h3>
<h3>The man is horrified. He wonders why he was spared.</h3>
<h3>The receptionist responds:</h3>
<h3>&quot;<i>Well, comrade major did quite like your tea gag.</i>&#x201d;</h3>
<h3><b>542 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>4 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>48 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>lynnwoodblack &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I considered getting into software security and a common theme I found was &quot;if security were an afterthought... that would be a huge improvement&quot;.</h3>
<h3><b>1.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>30 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>webbsixty6 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&#x2019;m a &#x2018;cyber security&#x2019; expert at a large ISP in London. That doesn&#x2019;t really matter much to the story but we (EU) implemented GDPR a few years ago, so personal information gathering is a big thing in my field. There was a cheap Chinese &#x2018;smart vacuum&#x2019; they did a GDPR request on a few years ago and the thing was gathering pages and pages of data on western apartments and sending it to China. They were gathering info on dimensions of people&#x2019;s flats/apartments to create &#x2018;western living&#x2019; in China.</h3>
<h3>Data harvesting is real!!</h3>
<h3><b>1.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>110 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>propschick05 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>In 2018, my dad bought us a Nest thermostat for our new house. First year with it was fantastic. I was telling everyone who would listen that they should invest in one. Then they got bought out by Google.</h3>
<h3>Winter 2019/2020 we noticed that the Nest was reading 2-3 degrees warmer than the actual room temp. (I took the gauge from my son&apos;s room and put it next to the Nest to confirm I wasn&apos;t crazy.) We do a butch of research online and find that the fix is to reset the unit. Do that and it fixes the problem. It happened a couple more times after that, but not enough to really be annoyed. Once we switched to A/C, the issue went away so we figured they fixed the issue with a patch or something.</h3>
<h3>Winter 2020/2021 by this time, I&apos;m working from home full time. I noticed it being colder than it should one night. Reset the Nest like before. Issue came back a few days later. And then again. Then I started realizing the heat wasn&apos;t kicking in much during the day. (I sat right next to the vent.) Started having to reset the damn thing every few hours just to get the heat to kick on. Everytime the unit would show 68 or 69 before the rest and 65 or 66 after the reset.</h3>
<h3>We went and bought a $25 thermostat from Home Depot to see if it was an issue with warm air getting in behind the unit or something. The issue went away. My husband and I are half- joke that it was a social experiment by Google.</h3>
<h3><b>678 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>78 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>466 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>No_Seaweed6739 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Basic home appliances (fridge, washer/dryer, etc) do NOT need a touch screen</h3>
<h3><b>13.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>teemo03 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>It&apos;s like stop adding touchscreens and just give me a functioning ice maker lol</h3>
<h3><b>2.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>KlausVonChiliPowder &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>One that dispenses Sonic ice</h3>
<h3><b>1.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>21 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>43 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>gimpisgawd &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I just moved into a new place. The microwave his wifi compatibility, I don&apos;t know what it&apos;s for or for to use it but it&apos;s an option.</h3>
<h3><b>1.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>ibnQoheleth &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Hacking your microwave so I can give it a virus that means your food is either slightly undercooked or overcooked, but never just right.</h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>DownInBowery &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>So, just a normal microwave then :)</h3>
<h3><b>768 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>9 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>20 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>46 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>cerulean47 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I hate my oven so much. It&apos;s a Jenn-Air fancy pants dual oven, stainless steel with a color touchscreen.</h3>
<h3>When I open the door, steam comes out and covers the touch screen.</h3>
<h3>Sometimes it&apos;s just that I can&apos;t use the touch screen at that point until I wipe the steam off.</h3>
<h3>Other times the whole oven shuts down claiming there&apos;s some kind of internal fault. It thinks multiple areas of the touch screen are shorted together. Which I guess they kinda are.</h3>
<h3>And the one time I used the self cleaning feature it cooked the internal electronics and I had to have the entire board replaced.</h3>
<h3>Then there&apos;s the fact that everything you do with the touch screen has animations so it takes me 30 to 40 seconds just to turn the oven on and set the temperature.</h3>
<h3><b>782 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>33 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>171 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>shearsntears &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>tipping has gotten out of control- coming from someone who relies on tips for income. it hurts people who actually should be getting them because now people are extremely agitated about any and all tipping. i was just at a music festival and the guy who exchanges your cash for drink tickets (not even the person who pours the beverage) had an ipad with tip options starting at 18%</h3>
<h3><b>13.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>PlopPlopPlopsy &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;m always confused by the option to tip at the SELF SERVE frozen yogurt place. Wtf...</h3>
<h3>I&apos;m also suspicious that it won&apos;t even go to the cashier, it&apos;ll just go to the owner because it&apos;s from my debit card....</h3>
<h3><b>5.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>pmmeyourfavoritejam &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I try to tip cash when I can. But I wouldn&apos;t tip cash if I just made my own tasty froyo mountain.</h3>
<h3><b>1.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>bikey_bike &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>i am a total generous tipper. but fr these days restaurants are like order from the QR code on the table, get your own water from yhe fill station, buss your own dishes when youre done but oh plz, the server who literally only ran your food to the table and did nothing more, tip them 20% fucking what</h3>
<h3><b>629 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>21 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>17 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>82 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>alexrbrodie &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I went to a bar recently and the bouncer had an iPad with tip options for the entry fee. Tipping should be reserved for products/experiences that require service or process like wait staff, baristas, bartenders, etc.</h3>
<h3><b>1.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>58 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Healthy-Scientist846 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>When We Were Young? They wanted a tip for EVERY THING. The guy at the merch tent who didn&apos;t even stop his conversation with another employee to hand me two t-shirts from next to him (literally didn&apos;t have to take 3 steps) asked if I&apos;d like to leave a 25% tip!?</h3>
<h3><b>940 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>65 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>2 2</h3>
<h3>2 2</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3><b>Posts Wiki Best of AskReddit Gilded</b></h3>
<h3><b>Sort By: Top</b></h3>
<h3><b>Related Subreddits Secret</b></h3>
<h3>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>26.7k Comments </b></sup>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Award </b></sup>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Share </b></sup>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Save</b></sup></h3><h1><sup><b> </b></sup>&#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>35.4k</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd;</h1>
<h1>&#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Posted by u/BobithanTG 13 days ago</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h1>Reddit, what&apos;s your most &quot;I&apos;m with the Boomers on this&quot; opinion?</h1>
<h3><b>u/adobe</b> &#xb7; Promoted</h3>
<h3>Make weird stuff w/ enough $$ left over for sushi. Students save over 60% on Adobe</h3>
<h3>Creative Cloud.</h3>
<h3>adobe.com/students <b>Learn More</b></h3>
<h3>Comment as Physical-Bowler-9959</h3>
<h3>Ghostleeee &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&#x2019;m not downloading a fucking app to use your menu</h3>
<h3><b>55.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>brilliantpants &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>And I don&#x2019;t need a goddamned app for every website, shop, or restaurant I visit. Please just put your menu and hours on a normal website and stop tying to clog up my phone.</h3>
<h3>Edit: And Have a REAL website, not a Facebook page or Instagram account. Those might be good in addition to your website, but if the only way I can place an order is through your Insta DMs, just fucking forget it.</h3>
<h3><b>18.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Roach_Coach_Bangbus &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>&quot;This is best viewed in our app&quot;</h3>
<h3>No, it&apos;s not.</h3>
<h3><b>6.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Echo127 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Translates to: &quot;this is best not viewed at all.&quot;</h3>
<h3><b>3.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>27 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>69 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>HtownTexans &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>the Reddit mobile site is so annoying. It now constantly asks if you want to continue using the mobile version or use the app. You used to be able to get rid of the notification but they decided that was bad business. Now it pops up and scrolls you back to the top of whatever subreddit you were browsing. Infuriating. I don&apos;t want your fucking app Reddit.</h3>
<h3><b>2.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>JustLetMeComment &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Use RIF is fun, formerly Reddit Is Fun. It doesn&apos;t support chat but has better absolutely everything else.</h3>
<h3><b>671 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>achatina &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>The beauty of RIF is that I&apos;ve been able to avoid just about everything people complain about having changed on reddit in the past five years.</h3>
<h3><b>700 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>29 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>72 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>134 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Darknight1993 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>But then how can they mine your sweet sweet data?</h3>
<h3><b>919 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>corran450 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>They can buy it from Meta/Tencent like everyone else.</h3>
<h3><b>1.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>9 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>8 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>108 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>lexologist &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I work at a restaurant as a host and recently failed our secret shopper because I asked &#x201c;how many menus?&#x201d; Instead of &#x201c;would you like menus or the QR code on the table?&#x201d; Most of the time when I do remember to ask, people just look at me confused and say &#x201c;3&#x201d;. It&#x2019;s great.</h3>
<h3>Edit to add: we don&#x2019;t have the feature where you can order through the QR code. Just the menu.</h3>
<h3>Secret shoppers are lame and when I initially &#x201c;failed&#x201d; I didn&#x2019;t know we were supposed to ask this, so I didn&#x2019;t get written up or anything.</h3>
<h3>Our menus are at the front and it&#x2019;s the hosts&#x2019; job to get the right amount before bringing the guests to the table, which is why we ask how many are needed. This isn&#x2019;t necessarily the way all restaurants work, but this is what I was trained to do.</h3>
<h3>I am hoping to be promoted to server soon (they told me before the year ends) and if they don&#x2019;t by January, I will quit.</h3>
<h3><b>1.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Bucksin06 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I don&apos;t understand why this ever became a thing why add extra steps when you could just print it out and give it to them</h3>
<h3><b>925 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Magmorix &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>It seemed to become prevalent when restaurants started opening for dining in again after 2020, so people were concerned with how many hands had touched their menus before them and such.</h3>
<h3><b>866 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>59 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>54 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>107 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>jordancolburn &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>This, but for everything. 75% of apps should just be a standard responsive website. It would load faster, be usable across more devices, less work for the dev teams to maintain a presence on all the app stores and update. I really think most of the time and effort put into apps is to make them &quot;sticky&quot; and just more present on users devices, at the cost of just about everything else.</h3>
<h3><b>1.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>42 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>290 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Ancient_Wisdom_Yall &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Most features in cars should have buttons. Want to turn on your heated seat, button, not scroll through three screens.</h3>
<h3><b>53.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Bo-ohw_O_Wo-er &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Crazy that they ban the use of cellphones, but allow the permanent installment of whole ass tablets</h3>
<h3><b>17.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>remotetissuepaper &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>But the have the disclaimer screen not to use it while driving which is a totally reasonable expectation /s</h3>
<h3><b>8.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>CM_DO &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Ye let me just park every time I need to adjust the temperature or want to change radio stations</h3>
<h3><b>4.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>ohlookahipster &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Lmao some Lexus models bury the AC in the media settings. There&#x2019;s no physical button to toggle AC on or off.</h3>
<h3>Thankfully not every model suffers from this feature, but it&#x2019;s funny af when you look at the forums or support questions online and some users defend this feature.</h3>
<h3><b>1.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>comic_serif &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Ah yes, my favourite form of media content: air conditioning.</h3>
<h3><b>1.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>RescuePilot &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>You got a subscription for that air conditioner?</h3>
<h3><b>533 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>23 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>10 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>44 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>25 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>40 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>PositivityBear &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>My favourite is my dodge doesn&apos;t allow you to type stuff in while rolling. So anytime my wife needs to put in directions to something, she has to text me, then I pull my phone out, type in my password and then she forwards the address to the car lol.</h3>
<h3>Let&apos;s cancel this basic functionality so you must do this junky work around.</h3>
<h3><b>1.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>78 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Newfor2022 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>That reminds me of a police video I saw years ago when Tesla&apos;s were appearing on the roads, one got pulled over for some sort of &quot;illegal modifications&quot; or distracted driving law after the cop saw the giant screen the driver was looking at. The driver was like no, this is straight from the factory how it comes and convinced the cop there was no infraction.</h3>
<h3><b>846 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>54 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>72 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>seaofflames &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>This is just bad UI. Screens require us to take our eyes off the road - a recipe for disaster. Buttons and dials? Only need one hand. Eyes on the road. I miss car radios with buttons and dials.</h3>
<h3><b>7.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>02K30C1 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Honda changed their radio volume control back to a button a few years ago because so many customers complained about the touch screen</h3>
<h3><b>2.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>FaliedSalve &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I rented a Honda a few years ago. Took me 10 mins to figure out how to brighten the dashboard lights. (hint: It was on the radio controls on the touch screen).</h3>
<h3>My car has a dial. Takes 3 seconds to figure it out.</h3>
<h3><b>899 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>24 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>48 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>91 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>CaptValentine &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>YES, and furthermore, they should be LABELED buttons. When I&apos;m driving a rental car that&apos;s currently trying to bake my skin off, I don&apos;t want to experiment with what every tiny picture of a fan, wavy lines or Artist formerly known as Prince hieroglyph does.</h3>
<h3><b>2.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>CHEEZOR &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Just a wild guess, but they might have pictures because manufacturers won&apos;t know which language(s) the driver will know.</h3>
<h3><b>547 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>69 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>30 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>MotherofaPickle &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Ugh. Car shopping right now and I hate all of these &#x201c;infotainment screens&#x201d;.</h3>
<h3><b>1.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>156 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Round-Rice908 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Give me a backup camera, power windows and bluetooth connectivity. That&apos;s it. Leave the other BS off and take $8k off MSRP, thanks.</h3>
<h3><b>1.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>101 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>440 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Pollowollo &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Not everything needs to connect to the internet or have an app attached to it. I just want my fridge to keep shit cold, I don&apos;t understand why we have to bring WiFi into this situation.</h3>
<h3><b>37.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>chupmacabre &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I literally just talked a friend out of getting a &#x201c;smart&#x201d; automatic litter box with an app and shit. The price difference was $300 more than just a &#x201c;regular&#x201d; automatic scooping box and you get .. what? Notifications that your cat just took a shit?</h3>
<h3><b>8.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Typical_Ad_210 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>My nose does that for free</h3>
<h3><b>7.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Aayin &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>My indicator was always <i>dig dig dig dig...DIG DIG DIG DIG DIG DIG (x5)...dig dig</i>, followed by a flying leap out of the litter box, spreading the litter like shrapnel.</h3>
<h3><b>3.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Killentyme55 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Don&apos;t forget the long pause.</h3>
<h3>&quot;Welp, guess he&apos;s finally done.&quot;</h3>
<h3><i>DIG DIG DIG DIG DIG....</i></h3>
<h3><b>1.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>17 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>58 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>53 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>182 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>king_booker &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Data collection. Targetted ads. I&apos;d genuinely ask people to go offline as much as possible with devices. Not everything needs to be recorded. You really don&apos;t need an Alexa</h3>
<h3><b>4.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>AgentScreech &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Don&apos;t forget. The S in IOT stands for security</h3>
<h3><b>1.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>106 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>131 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Alleonh &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>My fucking TOOTHBRUSH has an app. Why? WHY???</h3>
<h3><b>2.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>114 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>399 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>anonymouslyinvisible &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I don&#x2019;t need a subscription for everything. No you don&#x2019;t need my phone number or email just let me buy my shirt and get the fuck out of the store</h3>
<h3><b>34.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>stedun &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I simply reply &#x201c;no thanks &#x201c;</h3>
<h3><b>3.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>bluedoorhinge &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>And 99% of the time that&#x2019;s all that&#x2019;s required to skip the phone/email stuff. As someone who worked in retail, we all hate asking for emails and phone numbers but it&#x2019;s literally part of the job. What makes it infinitely worse is the crappy customers who think the minimum wage employee working cash is the one who wants your information and give them shit for it.</h3>
<h3><b>657 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>98 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>53 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>80burritospersecond &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Radio Shack was doing that before it was cool. They wanted my name, address and phone number to buy a soldering iron in the 90s.</h3>
<h3>Also they&apos;re out of business.</h3>
<h3><b>3.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>80 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>159 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>WinterBanana89 &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Having to create a username and password to join just about anything online is a royal pain in the ass</h3>
<h3>Good gravy this got way more attention that I was expecting. I will check out Password Manager seeing as it is highly recommended.</h3>
<h3>For the record-I often see boomers much more fed up with computer requirements that require jumping through hoops more than younger generations. I don&apos;t think younger generations love these irritating requirements but if anyone feels this is not a boomer opinion I really don&apos;t have the energy or care enough to argue</h3>
<h3><b>29.6k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>zawica &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Make sure you have one upper case letter, a number, and a symbol, and it has to be 12 characters long, and it can&#x2019;t be a password you&#x2019;ve used in the last month, and we will make you reset your password every month, forcing you to constantly come up with new passwords you will never remember!</h3>
<h3><b>5.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>chameleiana &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Don&apos;t forget that even if you&apos;ve ticked the box to remember you, we&apos;ll randomly log you out anyway.</h3>
<h3><b>3.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>49 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Arrent &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>The worst part is that most of these practices don&apos;t even matter. They do little to help, and heavily encourage really poor password security behavior. Thank god for password managers. The important thing is having random, diverse passwords and not sharing passwords between websites, which my password manager makes effortless. MFA is also really great, but I only use it on accounts I care about.</h3>
<h3><b>608 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>55 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>157 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>TiredOfDebates &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Password hell.</h3>
<h3>You practically have to have a password manager application to have secure passwords working in IT. Every password changes every 90 days, there are rules to ensure that you aren&apos;t just adding an iterating number to previous passwords, special symbols, AND it&apos;s discouraged to reuse prior passwords across services. (A popular form of &quot;hacking&quot; user names and passwords is to get a database from a poorly secured service... IE: the web server for some local pizza joint with a online ordering system with account info... and just try the same username &amp; password combos from Joe&apos;s Pizza on some banking website.)</h3>
<h3><b>874 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>108 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>185 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>claytondb &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Sometimes it&apos;s faster (and easier) to just plug something in, instead of dealing with bluetooth connectivity. There&apos;s something nice about knowing how to get it connected and being able to physically connect/disconnect.</h3>
<h3><b>28.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Mithrawndo &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>The same applies to networking: WiFi is not a panacea, and it&apos;s very much worth your while doing some cabled networking if you actually value your networked experiences.</h3>
<h3><b>5.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>hunter54711 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Most petty thing that annoys me is almost all smart TVs have Ethernet ports but almost every single one is limited to fast Ethernet which is 100mbps, meanwhile the wifi can go much faster. I value my networking experiences and that&apos;s why I want to have a wired connection. In addition a TV is probably the best case for a wired connection, it&apos;s something that never moves and is static and is already tethered to the wall for power.</h3>
<h3>Your options for above fast Ethernet is WiFi or buying an Nvidia Shield Pro. How much can gigabit Ethernet cost in 2022?</h3>
<h3><b>2.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>234 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>64 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Phenomenomix &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I would blow someone for next cheap iPhone to have a headphone jack again. Sick to death of getting on the metro and finding out my headphones are near dead</h3>
<h3><b>1.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>154 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>captainangus &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>One of my hobbies is computer gaming and I am not a fan of how everything needs to be wireless. Keyboards, mice, headsets, speakers&#x2026; I like the simplicity and I don&#x2019;t like having to charge things. You can make cables look clean if you need to.</h3>
<h3><b>731 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>83 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>MaikeruGo &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 12 days ago</h3>
<h3>To add to this some cars won&apos;t let you manually select the input device from the stored BT devices if you get going faster than 5 MPH and don&apos;t drop back down to a full stop&#x2014;and in a number of cars these systems have issues automatically selecting the right device if multiple devices are stored as connections. Also, the audio quality is usually better when using wires and there&apos;s no annoying weirdness of the car&apos;s BT supporting one set of codecs and one device OS supporting another set that only overlaps the car&apos;s set with the worst possible codec of the group.</h3>
<h3><b>615 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>18 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>245 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>rntopspin100 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Physical keyboards are better than virtual keyboards.</h3>
<h3><b>28.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>slytherinprolly &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>And physical knobs and buttons are better than touchscreens especially with cars, ATMs, etc</h3>
<h3><b>9.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>ISeeDeadDaleks &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>This is such a basic safety thing. Taking your eyes off the road to adjust the climate controls, volume, whatever is so unnecessarily dangerous. I helped a family member buy a new car recently and giant touch screens are inescapable. All the accident prevention measures like automatic breaking are great - why can&apos;t we have the same safety-first attitude with dashboard/console design?</h3>
<h3><b>2.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>60 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>dctucker &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I&apos;m still baffled how touchscreens ever made it into cars in the first place. For drivers the entire driving experience is intended to be tactile so they can keep their eyes on the road, and we have years of design research within and outside of the automotive industry that validate this. Expecting the driver to use a touchscreen to operate the audio and thermostat is about as responsible as installing a hotel elevator without Braille legends... the driver will sometimes be the only person in the vehicle who can operate these controls, just as a blind person will sometimes be the only person in the elevator.</h3>
<h3><b>1.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>46 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>68 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>264 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>mostly_browsing &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>TV is getting too dark. Not emotionally - it is visually too dark and I can&#x2019;t see it</h3>
<h3><b>27.8k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>DenTheRedditBoi7 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Too dark and too quiet. I swear we have to turn the volume up like twice as loud as we have it normally to watch Yellowstone.</h3>
<h3>Better believe the commercials have plenty of volume though...</h3>
<h3><b>10.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>Far_Reward4827 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>There&apos;s almost no show I watch anymore without captions on</h3>
<h3><b>4.2k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>132 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>212 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>kittenmommy &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Not emotionally - it is visually too dark and I can&#x2019;t see it</h3>
<h3>And it&apos;s way   until it&apos;s suddenly way <b><i>TOO LOUD</i></b>!</h3>
<h3><b>3.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3>
<p>too quiet</p>
<h1>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>sandersonprint &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Or the &apos;background&apos; music is louder than the dialogue</h3>
<h3><b>1.7k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>58 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>86 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>308 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>EternityLeave &#xb7; 13 days ago &#xb7; edited 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Music in bars is too loud. (Edit to add that I&apos;ve been a touring musician and live sound technician. I love music but it actually sounds better at lower volumes, and I want to be able to hear it in to my old age)</h3>
<h3><b>24.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>lucid00000 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I want to find just one bar where I can talk to my friends without screaming</h3>
<h3><b>7.0k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>erike1666 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Whaaaaaat?!</h3>
<h3><b>3.3k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>RuneTek2b &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>HE SAID HE WANTED TO TALK TO US WITHOUT SCREAMING!</h3>
<h3><b>3.4k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>lowtoiletsitter &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>WHO&apos;S LEAVING?</h3>
<h3><b>3.9k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>LikeableMisfit &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>uhh&#x2026;OK COOL</h3>
<h3><b>810 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>logicalchronic &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3><i>smiles and laughs like I know what you said</i></h3>
<h3><b>1.1k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>libmrduckz &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>WHERE&#x2019;S DOUG!</h3>
<h3><b>531 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>bonzombiekitty &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>WHY DO YOU NEED A HUG?!</h3>
<h3><b>580 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>34 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>8 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>3 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>41 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>14 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>12 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>76 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Kitratkat &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>And shops. I&apos;ve left clothes shops because the music is irritatingly loud and I can&apos;t talk to my partner.</h3>
<h3><b>1.5k </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>hecaete47 &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>I worked in a store recently that had control over the music volume. Myself &amp; coworkers always had to go over and turn it down bc the store manager kept turning it up way too high. If I can&#x2019;t fucking hear the customer, I can&#x2019;t help them. And if the customer can&#x2019;t fucking hear me, they can&#x2019;t be helped. Like??? Leave music at a normal enjoyable level.</h3>
<h3><b>837 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>25 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>41 more replies</b></h3>
<h3>Project_XXVIII &#xb7; 13 days ago</h3>
<h3>Weddings, parties, stores, just about everywhere. If we&#x2019;re going to a concert, then crank it. If the music is to &#x201c;enhance the experience&#x201d;, and instead it&#x2019;s just drowning it in noise pollution, then there&#x2019;s a failure in execution.</h3>
<h3><b>684 </b>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Reply </b></sup><b>Give Award Share Report Save Follow</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>11 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>254 more replies</b></h3>
<h3><b>About Community</b></h3><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd;</h1>
<h2>r/AskReddit</h2>
<h3>&#xfffd; <sup>Created Jan 25, 2008</sup></h3>
<h2>38.4m</h2><h3> Members</h3>
<h2>&#x25cf; 83.6k</h2><h3> Online</h3>
<h2>#2</h2><h3> Ranked by Size</h3>
<h3><b>r/AskReddit Rules</b></h3>
<h3>1.Rule 1 - Questions must be clear and</h3>
<h3>direct and may not use the body textbox</h3>
<h1>&#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>2.Rule 2 - No personal or professional</h3>
<h3>advice requests</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>3.Rule 3 - Open ended questions only</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>4.Rule 4 - No personal info</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>5.Rule 5 - No loaded questions</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>6.Rule 6 - [Serious] tagged posts are</h3>
<h3>off-limits to jokes or irrelevant replies <sup>&#xfffd;</sup></h3>
<h3>7.Rule 7 - No begging for goods or</h3>
<h3>services, or Reddit rewards</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>8.Rule 8 - Be respectful to other users</h3>
<h3>at all times and conduct your behaviour in a civil manner</h3>
<h1>&#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>9.Rule 9 - No image only replies or large</h3>
<h3>ascii art</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>10.Harmful Misinformation</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<h3><b>Moderators</b></h3>
<h3>u/krispykrackers</h3>
<h3>u/flyryan</h3>
<h3>u/Ooer</h3>
<h3>u/roastedbagel</h3>
<h3>u/ani625</h3>
<h3>u/TheJackal8</h3>
<h3>u/sexrockandroll</h3>
<h3>u/e36</h3>
<h3>u/IranianGenius</h3>
<h3>u/-eDgAR-</h3>
<h3><b>VIEW ALL MODERATORS</b></h3>
<h3>r/AskReddit is the place to ask and answer thought-provoking questions.</h3>
<h3><b>Join</b></h3>
<h3><b>Create Post</b></h3>
<p><b>COMMUNITY OPTIONS</b></p><h1><b> </b>&#xfffd;</h1>
<h3>&#xfffd;<b> </b><sup><b>Message the mods</b></sup></h3>
<h3><b>Back to Top</b></h3>
<h3>What are your thoughts?</h3>
<h1>&#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1><h3> <b>Markdown Mode</b></h3>
<h3>8 4 2</h3>
<h3>2 &amp; 4 More</h3>
<h3>2</h3>
<h3>3 &amp; 3 More</h3>
<h3>3</h3>
<h3>3 &amp; 5 More</h3>
<h3>2 3</h3>
<h3>3</h3>
<h3>2 2</h3>
<h3>2 2 2</h3>
<h3>r/AskReddit</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1><h3> Search Reddit</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1><h3> r/AskReddit &#x2327;</h3><h1> &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd; &#xfffd;</h1><h3> &#xfffd; <sup>Advertise</sup></h3>
<h3>Physical-Bowler-9959</h3>
<h3>&#xfffd; 4 karma</h3><h1> &#xfffd;</h1>
<p><b>2</b></p>
<h3>Find live chats and audio talks happening now</h3>
</div>
